fix: use same host for websocket server as for http server when previewing locally (#1309)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/strange-insects-jog.md

---
'@redocly/cli': patch
---

> The --host/-h argument provided for the preview http server, is now also used by the ws server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--host/-h` argument in the `preview-docs` command is now also used by the WebSocket server for hot reloading.
```
